listen to this flow that just rolls cuz it's free like my peepee was
but you've gone and fuzzed my head out it's red out now and i just
wanna go powpow or bang bang like i been doin yea bang bang
ain't you been hittin them pointy thangs
ain't you been goin back and back again like a boomerang
does that hit the spot? tell me how this gets caught,
i make yo throat hot, yea in yo throat so go on and gloat
some mo' bout how rough you feel like you wanna keel over as you bend over
got so much love around you it's no wonder, that this
is such a fuckin stitch in your side, cuttin at yo pride,
must feel like the fuckin tides are comin in suckin you in
and you're just a shark fin amongst all the sharks lotsa pointy teeth
betta grab what looks like a wreath but you too damn slow caught in dat undertow
you like dis here flow does it warm you from head to toes?
cuz this how it goes, in  my world always snows, one thing i ain't do is pose,
an di swear maybe god only knows, it's a wonder i still goes and still does and still was and i still were and
ain't never been a lamb but too tired to be a lion
and if you think i'm lyin check the sound of that siren
think about how close it get when i run out of fire
run outta fire cuz i run out of fuel, all my friends are used as tools
to stoke my flame it's one big game and i'm the only one to blame it's always been the same
and i place no fuckin names but i'm runnin low
real low
real real real low on dem friends
and it rends me it tends to me it never lends me anything other than misery it leaves me grizzeled b
that i mean i never get to be chiseled see i can write too, i can fight too
i can spit a bunch of emotional sobby shit over a mic too, it's all just to psych you,
cuz i like you, but where are you to say goodnight to? matter o fact, who are you?
i almost don't recognize you, the lady that once mended me tended to me lended every helping hand she had for me
albeit with a sad story that you wore with glory and i thought you might hit forty before you said sorry.
think about whatever you be feeling and hit that multiplier by ten, then maybe you'll start to pretend you know what it's like to be me at ten.
that sound like an exaggeration? bitch that sound to me like a vacation. you don't know the sensation. you don't know this hesitation.
you don't feel these things because it only rin gs strong in a few of us and just like water and rust i made a huge fuss
and made it worse like it was a must. that's great that you miss me. where is you then b? i can't hear see you or feel you
opr hear you or smell you or taste you makes me feeling like wasting you but that comes close to wasting me.
that's where we be.
yep yep yep. that's where we be.

i guess i ain't done.

i know you been dealing with this and that but when it comes to tit for tat i think this cat shouldn't just be the little old doormat.

read it concede it cuz you can't lead it so heed it then feed it and return it
i yearn for it let's learn from it then trash it stash it mash it i've had it with this
it's just like piss it's all the bad stuff that you didn't need to miss

hit me back clean my clock
you think it's whack so write in chalk
no one will see it will only be me
no one will hear have no fear
it'll be just like i talk about
when i forever turn out my light dear

so my phones off vibrate cuz i got so irate and my brain did more than gyrate was like a fire raid
when i saw your text grenade coated in suede, i ain't gettin laid so my hands gettin paid
now gimme the time to wipe the slime off my crime as they say in the churches aighht?

fuck
that went overboard
nice rhymes tho
now come fuckin see me
if you miss me so much
jesus fucking christ
not like i'm dead yet
don't plan on it anytime soon

----------------------------------------------------

i knew how you were feeling i always do, it's like this ghost inside me and i'm th e host to all the pain you guys go thru
when i say you guys i mean dat inner ring, and when you all get me at once i really wanna sing, there's just one thi ng i can't stand
and that's when one of y'all feels you got the underhaqnd, i stand where i stand and i don't move it's like quicksand
but i stand where i stand so that it ain't where you all land.
guess i was madder than a hatter when i sat hereand crafted that fat ear load
it was like i li cked a toad and zing i was headed for the nearest hospital wing
or looney bin, i'll throw toonies in! they'll double their money and i'll think it's funny. what will you do honey? got something for me?
cuz i couldn't get it myself so now i'm pushing you off the shelf hope you don't shatter cuz it's hard to figure which shattered pieces mattered least
and which ones just became deceased over grief or jumped for relief and so much time spent staring at the ground not makin a sound
they figur eyou drown in your thoughts and maybe you did or i did who am i kiddin i think i been ridden hard and put away wet
n i fret that i'm set on this station and it don't feel like vacation so come mingle with the nations i've been hella patient.

yeaaaaa i guess i'm imporving in terms of rhyming
probs all outta steam cuz i effed this next one up
maybe i can fix 'er up, second time through
skakisback, y'all is whack
fuckkk it left turnnnn

skakisback, y'all is whack, i eat cats like you is for snacks and have heart attacks quicker than you can count whawt you lack, it's a fact, i am back,
i love to hack but i ain't no hack, and in the docs office i ain't no quack, side by side he's the quack, he's just got a nice pad of paper,
when my chick come she's a gaper, you're sick i meant when i show her what a raper, i am, again, sick fuck, i meant raping the doctor! with my words, y'all are nerds, geekin at the first hint of something to be sneaking to the back of your mind, thinkin about some chicks behind, thinkin so hard you might go blind! i can see the signs! quick get me a lime before this guy goes on stage unsigned! that's just a metaphor, you're a dirty whore, people got nothing they be poor, lotsa birds flap only eagles sore, gore to the core, who needs borgore, i need more doors, all these windows and i can't let my penguins in, yea i did it again, and admit it again, cuz i know how to flang, rhymes like a kang, they bounce and go twang, springy rubber bangs, speaking of bangs, i just did one, it was wicked fun, i know i'm sick hun, but i got a quick tongue, and i'm on the right rung, atleast i'm above the dung, atleast i know how it's sung, and i've always known how it's done, as opposed to yoo-whoo cindy loo-who just goos wherever the group goes cuz you won't control your own flows  and only god knows where that takes hoes that like to pose for the limelight, i'd rather a firefight, come in guns banging and people hanging that'd be jail tonight, my delight, i'll wear white, i'll be a purdy sight, so when i come on site be like a kite and leap into the air and take flight cuz i need a clay pigeon of sorts and you look like you're covered in warts with all the pig shit you've been feedin me, who needs who cuz i neednt me did you follow that b was it too quick for a young lady and i know i'm crazy and this ain't that good but atleast it's got a little more hood, in it, i'm almost finished, my rhymes are diminished, i'd probs be good a quidditch.

yep. i said that.

so i went to see mr. enn eff jee ala cousin to davie and he had a good remedy for my maladie,
my not wanting to be so daunting as to fill that gap in rap that's screaming "help help i'm made of crap",
he said that i should see what the channeler has to see and say and maybe he would pu t some notes
behind my quotes perhaps in an endless way, a friendish way, would be weird but i'm queer and he's near so as long
as his mother loves me dear then perhaps she'll have no fear of me corrupting her youngest,

that one is fuckin hard
story's
lame ass story's
everyday story's
are the hardest.
just recounting literal pieces of my day or whatever
FUCK YOU COMPUTER


OKAY OKAY OKAY
I'LL DO ONE MORE LIL ONE

one more lil one just a lil fun just a lil gun just one just one just one toss it in a bun put some butter in your bun put some hash in your bun
put some meth in your pun when you put the meth in your pun and the butter in your bun and you only have JUST FUCKING ONE it's equivalent to
YOU JUST FUCKING WON all night long but here comes that bright dawn and there's the other one thought you said just one just one just one now it's two
now your brains made of goo now your nose sound like it has the flu now you're acting like youre only two and holy fuck if you only fucking knew
what this shit has did to you and done to us maybe you wouldn't fuss about little gusts of jibber jabber it's all just flibber flabber a hoe like you
should know how it go and how it sew, it's a little bit different from your position as you reap everyone elses seeds and leaves yours to just blow
speaking of blow, i miss that afterglow, grab me a key lets cut it in three and split it and go wheeeeee! you skak you said three you can't split three! i know but i wanted a dec chunk to whip at thee for lettin me see what it might do to me to do a third of a goddamn key what are you some sort of doped out hippy who just wanted to clip me and then literally sip me as i melt away into some hardcore trip b it's sickening how my pace is quickening but in reality i'm drifitng cuz i just did a bunch of heavy lifting had  to lift that thang to my arm and then i dialed and rang like the morgue but i knew it was all good when i pulled it out this mood is so uplifting, i spend no time sifting, through pieces of me that i find so ugly b i wish they'd just leave me be but that's not reality! i can run but i can't hide, done it so long just look like a fancy glide, but pay attention and you'll know i've cried, and i've sighed, and i've been higher than high, never been guyer than guy but i won't be a chick for fucks sake i got a dick gotta cut this off quick before i make myself sick!

pick.. pick ... pick.. pick...
STOP FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WOMAN! YOU DON'T NEED TO PICK YOURSELF!

(good ending line right?)
